- YOU WANNA KNOW WHY I SAID NO?
I WANT A CLOSED ADOPTION.
- I THINK YOU HAVE A CRUSH
ON DR. JOE,
AND I THINK DR. JOE
HAS A CRUSH ON YOU.
- THIS GUY IS
A SON OF A BITCH.
- HE WAS THE LOVE
OF MY LIFE,
BUT HE'S SICK NOW,
AND I KNOW THAT NOW!
- I HAVE RELATIONSHIPS
WITH BANDS.
IF I STARTED MY OWN STUDIO,
THEY WOULD ALL FOLLOW ME OVER
IN A SECOND.
- DO YOU HAVE THAT
IN WRITING?
- I HAVE IT IN FIST BUMPS.
- I THINK I MIGHT WANNA
DO THIS WITH YOU.
- TO THE LUNCHEONETI'E.
- I'M WORRIED.
ALL I'M ASKING YOU
IS TO NOT SCREW UP.
- HOW DID THIS
WHOLE THING START?
- MAX TOLD JABBAR
THAT THEY HAD
TO EAT LUNCH TOGETHER
EVERY DAY.
- I THOUGHT THAT THEY WANTED
TO EAT TOGETHER.
- NOT ALL THE TIME.
- SO I DON'T GET LUNCH?
- NO, HONEY, YOU GET LUNCH.
YOU JUST--YOU HAVE TO EAT
IN A CLASSROOM.
THAT'S ALL.
- I'LL BE ALONE?
- YEAH, BUT IT'S JUST ONE WEEK
DURING LUNCH.
ONE WEEK LUNCH DETENTION,
THEN IT'S OVER.
- YEAH, AND THEY ALSO
WANT YOU TO WRITE
A LETTER OF APOLOGY
TO JABBAR.
JUST A QUICK LETI'ER.
- WHAT'S JABBAR'S PUNISHMENT?
- I--I THINK HE MIGHT HAVE
A DIFFERENT PUNISHMENT THAN YOU.
- SO HE DOESN'T
GET DETENTION?
- NO.
- NO, I--
- DOES HE HAVE
TO WRITE ME A LETTER?
- NO, HONEY, HE DOESN'T HAVE
TO WRITE YOU A LETTER.
- HE HIT ME FIRST.
- MAX, I KNOW
IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE,
BUT THE REASON THAT
THEY'RE DOING THIS
IS BECAUSE YOU'RE
IN THE FIFTH GRADE.
HE'S IN THE SECOND GRADE,
AND THEY WANT YOU,
THE OLDER KID,
TO SET A GOOD EXAMPLE.
- YOU'RE OLDER,
AND THAT'S THE REASON.
- IT'S NOT FAIR!
THIS ISN'T FAIR!
HE HIT ME FIRST, AND THEN
I GET LUNCH DETENTION?
WHAT GENIUS
THOUGHT THAT UP?
- YOU'RE RIGHT
TO BE ANGRY, OKAY?
SOMETIMES IN LIFE
THINGS HAPPEN,
AND YOU JUST--
THIS IS ONE OF THOSE THINGS
WHERE YOU JUST GO'I'I'A
SUCK IT UP AND DO IT.
- SUCK WHAT UP?
- AH, IT'S JUST AN EXPRESSION.
- DON'T USE EXPRESSIONS.
YOU KNOW I HATE EXPRESSIONS.
- OKAY, JUST--IT MEANS IT'S
SOMETHING YOU HAVE TO DO
WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT.
YOU JUST HAVE TO DO IT.
- IT'S JUST A WEEK.
HONEY, WE'RE SORRY.
WE'RE SO SORRY.
[Max sobs]
- MAX.
BUDDY, HEY.
- IT'S OKAY.
- [sobs]
- NOW, LOOK,
I KNOW A LOT OF GUYS
WOULD HAVE VALETED
ON A FIRST DATE.
BUT I'M NOT GONNA PASS UP
A SPOT LIKE THAT.
AND I JUST SAVED SIX BUCKS.
PRETTY GOOD, HUH?
AND WHEN ALL THE OTHER IDIOTS
ARE WAITING FOR THEIR CAR,
WE'RE JUST GONNA ZIP OUT,
FAST GETAWAY.
- YOU ARE SO FINANCIALLY
RESPONSIBLE AND SMART.
- THANK YOU.
WELL, I TRY.
I THINK THAT'S A GOOD QUALITY
OF MINE ACTUALLY.
- I THINK IT'S A GREAT QUALITY.
- HEY.
- WHAT ARE YOU, UH--
OH, WOW.
OKAY.
- YOU REMEMBER DOCTOR--
- YEAH, DR. PRESTIDGE.
- WHAT A COINCIDENCE.
- HI, I'M TUF.
- TUF?
- YEAH.
- TUF, HI.
JASMINE.
- HEY.
- TUF.
- NICE TO MEET YOU.
YOU GUYS GONNA EAT?
- THAT'S THE PLAN, YEAH.
THIS YOU?
- YEAH.
- OH, MAN, THAT'S, UH--
THAT'S NICE.
- THANKS.
- SEE YOU LATER.
- YEAH.
YEAH.
- THANKS.
- VOILA.
- YEAH.
- HE DOESN'T SAY,
"I KNEW IT WAS YOU."
HE SAYS,
"I KNOW IT WAS YOU, FREDO."
- WELL, THEN HE SHOULD
HAVE SAID,
"AND YOU ARE
BREAKING MY HEART."
- OH, MY GOD, I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU'RE GETTING IT WRONG.
HE SAYS,
"I KNOW IT WAS YOU, FREDO.
YOU BROKE MY HEART.
YOU BROKE MY HEART."
- AND HOLDS--
HE GOES LIKE THIS--
- HELLO, YOU TWO.
HEY.
- HEY.
- WHO IS THAT?
- JUST GIVE ME A SECOND.
HI.
- HEY.
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
- JUST--NOTHING.
I'M HANGING OUT IN TOWN.
- BACK IN TOWN, HUH?
- WANTED TO HANG, YOU KNOW,
LIKE THE OLD DAYS.
GET THE MUSIC OUT
AND PLAY GUITARS
AND JUST, YOU KNOW,
HANG OUT AND SING.
YOU GOT A GUITAR IN THERE?
- YOU'RE DRUNK.
- NO, I'M NOT.
HEY, CAPTAIN MORGAN,
WHY DON'T YOU JUST GIVE US
A LITTLE MINUTE HERE, HUH?
- COME HERE.
COME OVER HERE AND TALK TO ME.
- I HAD A DRINK.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'RE DRUNK.
- I HAD ONE DRINK.
- WHAT HAPPENED, SETH?
WHAT HAPPENED?
- I QUIT THE BAND.
- WHY?
- WELL, THEY FIRED ME,
BUT THEN I QUIT.
- SETH, YOU GOTTA GO.
- OH, MAN, WHY,
'CAUSE I'M INTERRUPTING
YOUR TIME
WITH YOUR BOY TOY.
HEY, CAPTAIN, I TOLD YOU
TO GIVE US SOME PRIVACY.
- DON'T TALK TO HIM.
LISTEN TO ME.
LISTEN, WHY DON'T
I CALL YOU A CAB, OKAY,
AND YOU CAN JUST GO?
I GOT NOWHERE TO GO,
ALL RIGHT?
I'M STAYING
AT THIS HOTEL.
I GOT--I COULDN'T GET MY CREDIT
CARD INTO THE THING, SO...
- DO YOU NEED MONEY?
- I GOT MONEY IN THE BANK.
- OKAY, WELL,
WHAT WAS YOUR PLAN?
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
- SARAH, WHAT THE HELL
IS GOING ON?
- OH, GOD.
- PAPA BEAR.
- DAD, I GOT IT.
- THE HELL YOU DO.
- DAD, IT'S OKAY.
- NO, IT'S NOT OKAY.
- PAPA BEAR.
- NO, IT'S, UH--
- HEY, WHY DON'T YOU MIND
YOUR OWN BUSINESS, OLD MAN?
- HEY, HEY, HEY, NO!
- GET THE HELL OUTTA HERE!
YOU WANT DREW TO SEE YOU NOW,
YOU DRUNKEN--
- DAD, PLEASE!
- GET YOUR ASS OUTTA HERE NOW!
GO ON!
- DREW'S GONNA HEAR.
- I'M TALKING TO YOU.
- YOU GUYS, NO, NO.
STOP.
- GET OFF MY PROPERTY.
COME ON.
- OKAY, I'M LEAVING.
- YEAH, LET ME SEE.
- DAD, HE'S DRUNK.
HE NEEDS A CAB.
- I CAN WALK.
- SON OF A BITCH.
- SORRY.
- THAT'S OKAY.
THAT'S YOUR EX-HUSBAND
I'M ASSUMING.
- REALLY SORRY.
- NO, NO, NO, IT'S FINE.
YOU DON'T THINK I LOOK
LIKE CAPTAIN MORGAN, DO YOU?
THE RUM PIRATE GUY?
HE HAS CURLY THINGS
AND A LONGER--
COME HERE.
- MAY GOD BLESS
AND KEEP YOU ALWAYS
AND MAY YOUR WISHES
ALL COME TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS DO
FOR OTHERS
AND LET OTHERS DO FOR YOU
MAY YOU BUILD A LADDER
TO THE STARS
AND CLIMB ON EVERY RUNG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU GROW UP
TO BE RIGHTEOUS
TO BE TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS KNOW
THE TRUTH
AND SEE THE LIGHTS
SURROUNDING YOU
MAY YOU ALWAYS BE
COURAGEOUS
STAND UPRIGHT
AND BE STRONG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU STAY
- HEY.
- HI.
- OKAY, WHAT'S GOING ON?
- UH, NOTHING.
I'M FINE.
- WHEN DID THIS START?
- WHAT?
- HOW LONG HAS IT
BEEN HAPPENING?
- UM, I'VE JUST HAD A CRAMP
FOR THE LAST COUPLE OF HOURS.
- COUPLE HOURS STRAIGHT?
- LIKE EVERY TEN MINUTES.
- HOW LONG DOES IT LAST?
- FOR, LIKE, TWO MINUTES.
- MM-HMM.
- I THINK IT'S JUST GAS.
- OKAY.
- T.M.I.
- THAT'S OKAY.
- I'LL GET OUT OF YOUR HAIR.
- DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
- OKAY.
[exhales deeply]
- OKAY, WE'RE GOING
TO THE HOSPITAL.
- I CAN'T--
I CAN'T GO TO THE HOSPITAL.
I'M NOT GOING
TO THE HOSPITAL.
I'LL GET FIRED.
- YOU CAN'T GET FIRED
FOR THIS.
AND YOU ARE DEFINITELY
GOING TO THE HOSPITAL.
- HELLO?
- YEAH?
- HEY, AMBER,
IT'S AUNT KRISTINA.
HI, HONEY.
- HI.
- I JUST WANTED TO SEE
IF I COULD TALK TO YOU
FOR ONE SECOND.
- HANG ON, LET ME--
- OH, HEY.
- HEY.
- I WOKE YOU UP,
DIDN'T I?
- NO, NO, I JUST--
I JUST GOT UP.
- CAN I COME IN FOR A SECOND?
- YES, OF COURSE.
- I WAS GONNA CALL YOU,
AND THEN I THOUGHT, WELL,
I'LL JUST COME OVER
AND SAY HELLO.
I HAVEN'T SEEN
THIS PLACE YET.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
VERY COOL.
VERY, VERY COOL
FIRST APARTMENT.
- THANKS.
- JUST WANTED TO ASK YOU
A LITTLE--
SORT OF A WEIRD FAVOR.
- ARE YOU OKAY?
DO YOU WANNA SIT DOWN?
YOU SHOULD SIT.
- YEAH, JUST FOR A SECOND.
- HERE.
PLEASE.
LET ME SEE IF I CAN--
CLEAN GLASS.
- AMBER, YOU KNOW
THE THING THAT HAPPENED
WITH MAX AND JABBAR
AT SCHOOL?
- YES.
- THEY GOT INTO A BIG FIGHT.
AND NOW HIS DETENTION
IS THAT HE HAS TO SPEND
AN HOUR ALONE FOR THIS WEEK
AT LUNCHTIME BY HIMSELF.
- THAT'S EXTREME.
- I WAS WONDERING MAYBE
IF YOU COULD JUST GO
AND JUST SIT WITH HIM
FOR AN HOUR?
- SIT IN--SIT WITH HIM IN--
- HIS CLASSROOM.
- IN HIS CLASSROOM.
- I ALREADY CLEARED IT
WITH SCHOOL,
AND THEY SAID
IT WOULD BE FINE.
AND JUST TO MAKE HIM
FEEL COMFORTABLE,
BECAUSE I CAN'T BE THERE.
- I'M JUST--
I'M NERVOUS BECAUSE
I HAVEN'T SPENT
AS MUCH TIME WITH HIM.
I DON'T KNOW HIM AS WELL.
I MEAN, I'M NOT EVEN SURE
HE'D BE COMFORTABLE
WITH ME BEING THERE.
AM I REALLY EQUIPPED TO--
- YOU ARE.
YOU'RE FAMILY.
AND BASICALLY I DON'T HAVE
ANY OTHER OPTIONS RIGHT NOW.
SO IF YOU CAN HELP ME
WITH THIS--
- THERE IT IS.
- NO, AMBER, I SWEAR,
I WOULD ASK YOU ANYWAY, BUT--
- PLEASE,
I'M NOT OFFENDED.
- SO, UM, HE HAS TO WRITE
A LETTER OF APOLOGY TO JABBAR.
- RIGHT.
- AND HE DOESN'T WANT TO DO IT.
HE'S GONNA BE
REALLY DEFIANT ABOUT IT
AND KIND OF, I DON'T KNOW,
STANDOFFISH,
BUT I REALLY
NEED YOU TO PERSIST AND--
AND GET THROUGH TO HIM.
- OF COURSE.
- YOU'LL DO IT?
IT'LL BE FUN.
- TODAY AT NOON.
- TODAY AT NOON, OKAY.
- I LOVE YOU.
- LOVE YOU TOO.
- YOU HAVE A GOOD DAY,
AND CALL ME FOR ANYTHING.
AND JUST BE PERSISTENT
WITH HIM.
OKAY, PERSIST.
- PERSIST.
- OKAY. BYE.
- I ASKED HER POINT BLANK,
"WHAT IF THIS DR. JOE
ASKED YOU ON A DATE?"
- YEAH.
- WANTED TO GO OUT FOR DINNER?
SHE SAID, "NO WAY."
- RIGHT.
- AND WHERE WOULD
I RUN INTO HER?
AT A PLACE WHERE
THEY JUST HAD DINNER.
- REALLY?
- ON A DATE.
- HUH.
- TEXTBOOK DATE.
I MEAN, HOW UNPROFESSIONAL
IS THIS GUY?
- YOU KNOW WHAT
THAT SOUNDS LIKE?
- HE'S DATING HIS PATIENTS?
THAT'S WHERE HE'S PULLING FROM?
- THAT SOUNDS LIKE
SHE CHANGED HER MIND.
- WELL, CLEARLY
I WOULD NEVER DO THAT.
- YEAH, WELL, TELL YOU WHAT,
WHY DON'T WE DO A LITTLE WORK,
GET YOUR MIND OFF IT, OKAY?
YOU SAID YOU WERE GONNA FIX
THAT BOARD IN STUDIO "A."
- WHAT, ARE YOU GONNA WATCH
IN A RECLINER OR--
- NO, I'M GONNA BE WORKING
ON THAT CONTRACT
FOR THE MEETING
ON FRIDAY.
- THE CONTRACT?
- YEAH, FOR THE MEETING
WITH MISTER R.A.Y.
- MISTAH R.A.Y.
- MISTER R.A.Y.
- MISTAH.
- YOU'RE SAYING MISTER.
- YEAH.
- [deep-voiced]
MISTAH. MISTAH R.A.Y.
MISTAH R-A-Y.
R.A.Y.
- YOU DON'T HAVE TO USE
TO A DIFFERENT VOICE
WHEN YOU SAY MISTAH.
- MISTAH R.A.Y.
ARE YOU READY TO LAY DOWN
SOME SWEET TRACKS
WITH DR. CROS?
- THAT'S GREAT.
HE'S GONNA LOVE THAT.
- ON THE TOPIC
OF YOUR HIPNESS,
DO YOU THINK MAYBE ON FRIDAY
YOU COULD GO UNTUCKED?
MAYBE DROP
A BUTTON OR SO?
JUST HIP IT UP A LITTLE?
- HIP IT UP?
- YOU KNOW, JUST YOU DON'T
WANNA GO IN THERE
LOOKING LIKE
A TAX AUDITOR.
YOU FOLLOW ME?
- YEAH, OKAY.
- OKAY, OKAY.
- HIP IT UP.
WELL, WHY DON'T YOU GO WORK
ON THAT SOUNDBOARD?
I'M GONNA REVIEW THIS CONTRACT
AND GET SOME WORK DONE.
- NO, NO, ADAM, YOU CANNOT
BRING THE CONTRACT THERE
ON FRIDAY, OKAY?
- WHY NOT?
- WE GOTTA GO THERE--
THE MEETING'S ABOUT US
CONVINCING HIM
TO RECORD HERE.
NOT ABOUT CONTRACTS.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
CROSBY, YOU TOLD ME THAT
MISTAH R.A.Y. WAS GONNA RECORD
HIS NEXT ALBUM HERE
AT THE LUNCHEONETTE.
YOU TOLD ME THIS.
IT'S A PART OF OUR BUSINESS--
- AND HE IS GOING TO.
- THIS IS THE MONEY
THAT WE'RE COUNTING ON
WHEN WE GO AND WE FIND
OTHER PEOPLE TO RECORD HERE.
- ADAM, YOU'RE GETTING
ALL REWED UP,
AND YOU DON'T REALLY KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
- OH, I DON'T?
I DON'T KNOW WHEN YOU LIE TO ME?
I KNOW WHEN YOU LIE TO ME.
YOU CAN'T DO THIS IF WE'RE
GONNA BE IN BUSINESS TOGETHER.
YOU CAN'T LIE TO ME.
- YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO TRUST ME.
FRIDAY IS GONNA BE FINE.
HE LOVES ME.
I'M GONNA LOCK
THE WHOLE THING DOWN.
YOU JUST NEED TO RELAX
AND CHILL OUT ON THE CONTRACTS.
- WELL, I THOUGHT THAT
WE HAD THIS LOCKED IN.
- WE HAVE IT LOCKED IN,
OKAY?
I'M GONNA GO WORK
ON STUDIO "A."
- OKAY, GOOD.
I'M BRINGING THE CONTRACT.
- OH, GREAT, 'CAUSE HE'S
NOT GONNA WANT TO SEE IT.
- I'M GONNA HIP IT UP.
I'M GONNA CALL HIM MISTAH R.A.Y.
SO THAT I DON'T EMBARRASS
MY LITTLE BROTHER
'CAUSE I'M NOT COOL.
- MMM, HOW'S THAT
SQUISHY COLD SANDWICH?
- GOOD.
- OKAY.
OH, COOL, IS THIS--
IS THIS ABOUT BEETLES?
OH, LOOK AT
THAT ONE'S NOSE.
- I DON'T WANNA TALK.
- [taps table]
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT,
WE SHOULD PROBABLY START WORKING
ON THAT APOLOGY
TO JABBAR MAYBE.
- NO.
- OKAY, BUT, YOU KNOW,
YOU HAVE TO, SO MAYBE--
- HE HIT ME FIRST.
I HAVE NOTHING
TO APOLOGIZE FOR.
- OKAY.
I ACTUALLY UNDERSTAND THAT,
BUT, YOU KNOW,
THE PRINCIPAL SAYS
YOU GOTTA DO IT, SO--
- I'M NOT DOING IT.
- YOU KNOW,
YOUR MOM ACT UALLY--
- I'M NOT APOLOGIZING.
- GREAT.
- NO CELL PHONES.
- THANK YOU.
- HEY.
- FOUND THE DOCTOR.
YOU ARE PERFECT LY HEALTHY,
AND SO IS THE BABY.
- OKAY, AND THE CONTRACT IONS?
- BRAXTON HICKS.
- WHO?
- IT'S VERY COMMON
EARLY FALSE CONTRACT IONS.
YOU'RE FINE.
- OKAY.
- THEY DO WANNA KEEP YOU
OVERNIGHT THOUGH.
GOT YOU
A LITTLE PRESENT.
TOOTHBRUSH, TOOTHPASTE.
I'M GONNA PUT THESE HERE
BY THE SINK.
AND YOU HAVE MY CELL
IF YOU NEED ANYTHING.
- THAT'S OKAY.
IT'S REALLY, REALLY LATE.
SO YOU CAN G0.
I MEAN, I'M TOTALLY FINE.
- YES, OKAY.
YOU GET SOME REST, OKAY?
- THANKS.
- ALL RIGHT.
UM, ARE YOU EXPECTING ANYONE?
- UM, TROY'S WORKING
THE LATE SHIFT TONIGHT, SO...
- TROY?
- THAT'S MY BOYFRIEND.
- AND YOUR FOLKS?
- THEY WERE--
THEY LIVE REALLY FAR.
- OKAY.
- [on television]
YOU HAVE 75 MINUTES....
STARTING NOW.
- IS THIS CUPCAKE WARS?
- I DON'T KNOW.
DO I LOOK LIKE
I WATCH CUPCAKE WARS?
- WELL, I GOTTA
TELL YOU SOMETHING, I DO.
IT'S ONE
OF MY FAVORITE SHOWS.
TURN IT UP.
- ARE YOU SERIOUS?
- I'M SERIOUS.
YEAH.
- IT'S A GUAVA CAKE
WITH CH EESECAKE FILLING.
PIPE THE CHEESECAKE FILLING
INSIDE THE CUPCAKE
BEFORE WE BAKE IT.
TOPPED WITH
CREAM CHEESE ICING
AND ROLLED
IN GRAHAM CRACKER CRUMBS,
DECORATED WITH TWO
WHITE CHOCOLATE LEAVES.
THE THIRD CUPCAKE IS A--
- THAT IS THE SAME
EXACT REASON
THAT YOUR CREWS LACK
AND GO WHO DAT?
YOU KNOW THE NAME
TYPE IT IN CAPS
THE LIFE OF THE PARTY
WITH STRAWS
AND WE SIPHON THE PABST
DRUNK AS A BUM
CANOGA BROWN BAG IT
AND BLAZE
FRAGGIN' YOUR REGIMENT,
RIP EVERY DRAGON I SLAY
OFF OF RESPECT I STEP LIKE
I'M WALKING ON PROPS
SO HIGH THAT
WHEN I DROP RHYMES
- HEY.
SORRY.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO INTERRUPT.
- NO, NO, NO.
- WHAT ARE YOU WEARING?
- WHAT DO YOU THINK?
- I DON'T KNOW.
- I'M JUST--
I'M PUTTING TOGETHER
SOME DIFFERENT LOOKS,
'CAUSE CROSBY ASKED ME
TO HIP IT UP
FOR THIS MEETING.
- STOP AND--
TO HIP IT UP?
- KINDA FIT IN.
- YOU CAN'T WEAR THAT.
- WHY?
- IT'S AWFUL.
- I KNOW IT'S A LITTLE DIM SUM,
BUT IT'S CLEAN.
- [laughs]
- HONEY--
- HONEY, WHY DON'T
YOU JUST WEAR A SUIT?
- I CAN'T WEAR A SUIT.
I GOTTA TRY AND FIT IN
WITH THESE GUYS.
YOU KNOW, WE GOTTA TRY
AND LAND THIS ACCOUNT.
YOU KNOW,
THIS IS IMPORTANT.
WE WANT TO GET THESE GUYS
IN THE RECORDING STUDIO.
- WAIT A SECOND,
WAIT A SECOND.
YOU LANDED THE ACCOUNT.
- AH, WELL, NOT EXACTLY.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU SAID THAT YOU HAD
THE ACCOUNT.
- I THOUGHT WE DID.
- DID CROSBY LIE TO YOU?
- HE EXAGGERATED.
- NO, NO, THAT'S A LIE, ADAM.
HE LIED.
JUST SAY IT, HE LIED.
- OKAY.
- OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT, ADAM,
I'M REALLY TRYING TO HAVE
PATIENCE WITH YOUR BROTHER.
I REALLY AM.
I MEAN, THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
HE'S HAVING YOU WEAR THESE--
- I KNOW, I'M TRYING.
- NO.
- LISTEN, OKAY,
I KNOW THAT MY BROTHER DOES
A LOT OF STUPID THINGS, OKAY?
BUT THIS RECORDING STUDIO
WAS A GOOD IDEA, OKAY?
AND I'M NOT JUST
HIS BROTHER RIGHT NOW.
I'M HIS BUSINESS PARTNER.
OKAY, SO I NEED YOU
TO BE ON OUR SIDE.
CAN YOU DO THAT?
- YES.
- AND I'M JUST TRYING
TO FIGURE OUT AN OUTFIT
THAT'S NOT GONNA BE,
YOU KNOW, TOO MUCH
BUT IS GONNA HELP.
- THAT AIN'T IT.
- WOW, THIS IS JUST AWFUL.
- THAT'S HIDEOUS.
I'M OUT.
- DID YOU GET ME THIS?
- HIDEOUS.
I NEVER GOT THAT FOR YOU.
THINK YOUR MOM DID.
- ALL RIGHT.
- ALL RIGHT, I'LL SIT HERE
AND EAT THE WHOLE BAG.
I DON'T CARE.
- OKAY, I'LL DO IT.
- ALL RIGHT.
WITH FEELING.
- JABBAR, I'M VERY SORRY
FOR HITTING YOU.
- OKAY.
NOW LIKE YOU MEAN IT
FOR TWO.
- I DID.
- REALLY?
- YES.
- OKAY, HOW 'BOUT THIS,
I'M GONNA SAY IT
TWO TIMES,
AND YOU CAN TELL ME WHICH ONE
YOU THINK MEANS MORE, OKAY?
- OKAY.
- JABBAR, I'M VERY SORRY
FOR HITTING YOU.
OR...
JABBAR, I'M VERY SORRY
FOR HITTING YOU.
OKAY, WHICH ONE MEANS MORE?
- I'M NOT SURE.
- MAX.
- WHICH ONE?
- YOU REALLY CAN'T TELL
WHICH ONE MEANS MORE?
- NO.
CAN I HAVE A TOOTSIE ROLL?
- HI.
- HEY!
- HI, MOMMY.
- YOU'RE JUST IN TIME.
I GOT SOME GREAT ASPARAGUS
AT THE FARMER'S MARKET,
AND THIS GIRL IS MAKING--
WHAT'S THE SOUP AGAIN?
- PINK, PURPLE,
POLKA DOT SOUP.
- POLKA DOT SOUP.
- THAT SOUNDS DELICIOUS.
- THIS GIRL--
IT'S THE POLKA DOT
THAT'S DELICIOUS.
- ZOE, THIS IS JOEL.
- HI!
- HEY.
- THIS IS SYDNEY.
- MWAH.
- YOU GUYS,
THIS IS ZOE.
SHE'S STAYING WITH US
FOR DINNER.
I'M GONNA GRAB SOME STUFF
OUT OF THE CAR.
- OKAY.
HEY, NICE TO MEET YOU.
- HEY, SWEET HOUSE.
- OH, THANK YOU.
I'M JUST GONNA HELP HER
WITH THE GROCERIES.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
- OKAY.
- WANNA PLAY WITH ME?
- UH...
YEAH, WHAT THE HELL.
- HEY.
- I KNOW.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
I JUST--I COULDN'T
DROP HER OFF ALONE
AT HER APARTMENT.
SHE HAD KIND OF A BAD SCARE.
HER BOYFRIEND
SEEMS LIKE A JERK.
SHE COULDN'T EVEN
CALL HER MOTHER.
- OH, OKAY.
- SO SHE'S GONNA
GET BACK ON HER FEET
IN THE MORNING.
- WAIT, THE MORNING?
THE MORNING?
SHE'S SPENDING THE NIGHT?
- YEAH, IT'S ONE NIGHT.
- HEY.
- OH, HEY.
SO, UH, LOOKS LIKE WE'RE
GONNA HAVE TO GET
ANOTHER PEDIATRICIAN, HUH?
- DIDN'T WE AGREE
THAT WE WERE SEEING PEOPLE?
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
- YEAH, PEOPLE.
NOT OUR SON'S PEDIATRICIAN.
- OH, OKAY, SO NOW WE'RE
JUDGING EACH OTHER CHOICES HERE?
HOW'S TUF?
- OH, ON TUF.
- YEAH, TUF.
- WELL, IF JABBAR
HAS A FEVER OF 102,
DO YOU HAVE TO CALL TUF?
THAT'S THE DIFFERENCE.
I HAVE TO CALL YOUR BOYFRIEND
IF MY KID'S SICK.
YOU CAN KEEP DATING HIM, BUT
WE HAVE TO GET ANOTHER DOCTOR.
- OKAY, LOOK,
I UNDERSTAND, OKAY?
I UNDERSTAND THAT
THIS IS A BUMP FOR YOU.
I GET IT, I DO.
- OKAY.
THANK YOU.
YOU CAN PICK WHOEVER YOU WANT
TO TAKE HIM TO.
- WHOA, LET ME FINISH.
HE'S THE MOST SOUGHT-AFTER
PEDIATRICIAN IN THE AREA.
NO, REALLY.
KRISTINA SAID
THAT HIS WAITING LIST
IS, LIKE, SIX-MONTH LONG.
- WHY WERE YOU TALKING
TO KRISTINA ABOUT HIM?
- 'CAUSE SHE CALLED ME
TO GET AN APPOINTMENT WITH HIM.
- WHAT'D YOU SAY?
- WHAT DO YOU THINK I SAID?
I SAID OF COURSE I'D HELP.
I CALLED HIM, I ASKED,
AND NOW THEY'RE ALL SET UP.
WHEN THE BABY'S BORN,
LIKE, THEY'RE GOOD.
- THAT'S AWESOME.
YOU SHOULD CALL JULIA
AND SEE IF SYDNEY'D LIKE
TO GO TO HIM TOO.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE GET
THE WHOLE BRAVERMAN CLAN...
- CROSBY!
- WITH DR. JOE
AS THEIR MAIN PHYSICIAN.
- WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
- I'M GONNA TRY TO DRUM UP
MORE BUSINESS FOR DR. JOE.
[door slams]
[gentle piano music]
- HI.
HI, HOW ARE YOU?
- HOW HAVE YOUR LAST
24 HOURS BEEN?
- THEY'VE BEEN GOOD.
- THAT WAS A GOOD DATE.
- IT WAS A GOOD DATE.
STARTED OFF PERFECT.
- HI.
- SO I'M SORRY THAT IT WAS LIKE
THE JERRY SPRINGER SHOW
AT MY HOUSE.
- YOU DON'T HAVE
TO APOLOGIZE.
- IT'S JUST, UH--
I'M SORRY.
- IT'S OKAY.
- JUST SO YOU KNOW,
HE'S BEEN DOING GREAT
FOR A LONG TIME.
HE SLIPPED.
- OKAY, SO THAT WAS--OKAY.
THAT MAKES SENSE.
I WASN'T SURE
IF THAT WAS, LIKE,
A THING THAT HAPPENS,
BUT HE'S BEEN SOBER
FOR A GOOD CHUNK OF TIME?
- YEAH.
LOOK, IT'S, UM...
IT'S A CHOICE I MADE
20 YEARS AGO
THAT I'LL LIVE WITH
THE REST OF MY LIFE.
AND AT TIMES HE'S BEEN
REALLY GREAT, YOU KNOW?
AND EVEN WHEN
HE'S NOT GREAT,
HE'S STILL FAMILY.
- YEAH, I UNDERSTAND THAT.
I MEAN, EVERYONE HAS
MEMBERS OF THEIR FAMILY
THAT ARE DIFFICULT
TO DEAL WITH
FOR ONE REASON OR ANOTHER.
- DO YOU?
- YEAH.
- LIKE--LIKE WHO'S--
WHO IN YOUR FAMILY
IS THE--
- YEAH, I MEAN, LIKE--
- YOU DON'T REALLY
HAVE ONE, DO YOU?
- I'M SURE I DO,
I'M SURE I DO.
BUT NO, I MEAN, THE POINT
IS THAT AT LEAST I UNDERSTAND.
I'VE READ A LOT OF BOOKS
ABOUT PEOPLE, YOU KNOW.
- UM...
- SARAH BRAVERMAN.
- I'VE JUST WANTED
TO DO THAT
SINCE I CAME IN.
MR. CYR.
- YES?
- DID WHAT YOU SEE
MAKE YOU WANT TO RUN AWAY?
'CAUSE I WOULD UNDERSTAND
IF IT DID.
- NO.
- NO?
- NO, I DO NOT WANT
TO RUN AWAY.
- GOOD.
- YEAH.
- WE NEED SOME MORE OF THAT.
- OOH, MORE SPARKLE.
DO YOU THINK IT'S THE RIGHT
SHADE ON ME THOUGH?
- YES.
- I THINK SO TOO.
- I THINK IT'S GONNA GO
WITH THE NEW SANDER.
- OH, YOU'VE GOT
A PURPLE SANDER?
- YOU KNOW, I REALLY THINK
PURPLE IS YOUR COLOR.
- THESE ARE TURNING
OUT GOOD.
SHOULD I MAKE MORE,
DO YOU THINK?
- OH, YEAH.
- YES.
- MORNING.
- HI, ZOE.
- HEY.
- HOW ARE YOU?
- LOOK, WE'VE GOT ANOTHER
SLEEPYHEAD IN THE HOUSE.
- YEAH, YOU BEAT HER.
THAT'S A PRETTY BIG
ACCOMPLISHMENT.
- THAT'S, LIKE, PRETTY HARD.
- ARE YOU GETTING
YOUR NAILS PAINTED?
- NO. WHY?
OH, GOD,
HOW'D THIS HAPPEN?
- PURPLE, HUH?
- MM-HMM.
- FIGURED YOU MORE OF,
LIKE, A RED--
RED KINDA GUY.
- OH, YOU DID, HUH?
- LET THAT DRY
FOR A MINUTE.
- MADE YOU DECAF.
MILK, SUGAR?
- YEAH, MILK AND SUGAR.
THANK YOU.
GET USED TO THAT.
- CAN I PAINT YOUR NAILS NEXT?
- YOU GOT BLACK?
- I'VE GOT SPARKLY BLACK.
- MMM.
- UGH, OKAY.
- [chuckles]
- CAN I TOUCH YOUR BABY?
- BABY.
- SYDNEY, NO.
- WHAT, AUNT KRISTINA
LETS MET.
- AUNT KRISTINA'S FAMILY.
- IT'S A LITTLE DIFFERENT.
- IT'S OKAY.
COME ON.
GET ON IT.
- SOMEBODY SAVE
ME
IT'S JUST TOO...
- COOL. ARE YOU HAVING A BOY
OR A GIRL?
- SYDNEY.
- RESPECT HER PRIVACY, BABY.
- I'M HAVING A BOY.
IT'S A BOY.
- SAVE ME
- COOL.
[hip-hop music]
Y'ALL HEAR THE DRUMS.
TAKE YOU BACK TO AFRICA.
- IT'S CUDI, MAN.
BRING BACK ON THE TRACK.
LET'S GET IN, MAN.
YEAH, WHOO.
CUTTY'S BACK
IN THE BUILDING FOLKS
AND THE OOHS AND THE AHHS
WHAT HE STILL PROVOKES
[music fades out]
[phone rings]
- HELLO.
- I LOOK LIKE AN IDIOT.
- WHAT?
- I MADE A MISTAKE.
OKAY, YOU ASKED ME
TO HIP IT UP,
AND I HIPPED IT WAY UP,
SO I NEED TO CHANGE.
- WHY?
- I LOOK RIDICULOUS, OKAY?
I WENT INTO THIS STORE,
AND THIS GUY AT THE STORE'S
A BIG MISTAH R.A.Y. FAN,
AND HE SAID THAT I NEEDED
TO LOOK LIKE TODAY.
NOT YESTERDAY,
BUT TODAY.
AND HE HOOKED ME UP
WITH THIS STUFF,
AND I LOOK LIKE A CLOWN.
SO WHERE ARE YOU RIGHT NOW?
- I'M AT COLLEGE AND EIGHTH.
- WELL, LISTEN, YOU'RE CLOSER
TO MY HOUSE THAN I AM.
I DON'T HAVE TIME TO GET THERE.
I'M BY MISTAH R.A.Y.'S.
YOU GOTTA GO TO MY HOUSE,
GET ME SOME NORMAL CLOTHES.
GET ME SOME JEANS,
A JACKET, AND A TIE.
NORMAL ADAM BRAVERMAN CLOTHES,
OKAY?
- OKAY.
I JUST WANNA
GET THIS STRAIGHT.
SO YOUR PLAN
IS TO GET NAKED
IN FRONT OF
MISTAH R.A.Y.'S HOUSE?
- YEAH, I'M WEARING BULLDOG--
OH, MY GOD,
A BULLDOG NECKLACE, CROSBY.
JUST GO TO THE HOUSE
AND GET ME SOME NORMAL CLOTHES.
- ALL RIGHT, I WILL.
- THANK YOU.
- ZEEK, YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO APOLOGIZE TO SARAH.
- I'M GONNA HAVE TO WHAT?
- GONNA HAVE TO APOLOGIZE
TO SARAH.
COME ON,
IT'S BEEN THREE DAYS.
- YOU WANT ME TO APOLOGIZE
FOR KICKING THAT SCUMBAG
OFF OUR PROPERTY, DO YOU?
- OH, COME ON,
YOU DON'T HAVE TO TALK
ABOUT HIM LIKE THAT.
- I'M NOT GONNA EDIT
MY FEELINGS FOR YOU,
FOR SARAH,
OR FOR ANYBODY ELSE, CAMILLE.
- COME ON, ZEEK, THEY WERE
MARRIED FOR 12 YEARS.
HE'S DREW AND AMBER'S DAD.
- YEAH.
OH, YEAH.
WELL, I WAS THERE TOO,
YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, WHAT'D HE DO,
SPEND HALF THOSE YEARS
DRUNK, LOADED?
WHAT'D HE DO TO DREW?
WHAT'D HE DO TO AMBER?
WHAT'D HE DO TO SARAH?
I MEAN, HE'S THE REASON
FOR MOST OF HER PAIN,
FOR HER HEARTACHE.
- HE HAS A DISEASE.
- MY GOD, CAMILLE, JEEZ.
UGH, YOU ALWAYS HAD
THIS SOFT SPOT IN YOUR HEART
FOR THAT--
- HE NEEDS HELP.
- YEAH, WELL,
HE NEEDS HELP.
I TELL YOU WHAT,
I'M GONNA GET HIM SOME HELP.
HE SHOWS UP HERE
DRUNK OR LOADED AGAIN,
I'M GONNA CALL THE COPS.
- NO, YOU'RE NOT GONNA CALL--
- I'M GONNA CALL THE COPS
ON SETH.
- NO, YOU'RE GONNA
STAY OUT OF IT.
- NO, I'M NOT GONNA
I'M GONNA HANDLE IT.
SHE CAN'T HANDLE IT.
SHE NEVER COULD.
MY GOD, A DISEASE?
- I WANT TO SAY AGAIN
TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
HOW PROFOUNDLY SORRY I AM
TO TRIGGER THESE EVENTS
AND THE GREAT BURDEN
THEY HAVE IMPOSED
ON THE CONGRESS
AND ON THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
- WHAT DID HE DO?
- THE DETAILS
AREN'T REALLY IMPORTANT,
BUT WHAT DO YOU THINK
HE WAS FEELING?
- SAD.
- YES.
OKAY, SO WHY DO YOU THINK
HE WAS FEELING SAD?
- BECAUSE HE'S SAYING,
"I'M SORRY."
- YES, THAT'S TRUE,
BUT WHAT ABOUT HIS FACE
OR WHAT ABOUT HIS EYES,
WHAT ARE THEY DOING?
- WELL, HIS EYES
ARE FACING DOWN.
- YES, HIS EYES
VERY GOOD.
FACING--
- DOWN.
- RIGHT, OKAY.
SO WHAT ELSE?
LIKE, IS HE SMILING OR--
- NO, HE'S NOT SMILING.
- NOT SMILING, OKAY.
- AND HIS VOICE,
IT SOUNDED REAL LOW.
- MM-HMM.
- LIKE THIS.
AND HE WASN'T VERY LOUD.
- YES, GREAT.
THESE ARE GOOD NOTES.
YOU READY TO TRY ONE?
- YES.
- OKAY.
- JABBAR, I'M VERY SORRY
FOR HITTING YOU.
- OKAY, YOUR EYES.
- JABBAR, I'M VERY SORRY
FOR HITTING YOU.
- AND YOUR VOICE.
- [softly] JABBAR, I'M VERY
SORRY FOR HITTING YOU.
- MAX.
THAT WAS SO GOOD.
OH, MY GOSH.
- OKAY, NOW I WANT
ANOTHER ONE.
- OKAY.
- JABBAR, I'M VERY SORRY
FOR HITTING YOU.
- VERY GOOD.
OH, WAIT,
WHAT DO WE SAY?
- THANK YOU.
- EYES.
- TONE.
- THANK YOU.
- OH, BEAUTIFUL.
MY FAVORITE STUDENT.
- OH, SORRY,
I DIDN'T KNOCK.
I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU WERE IN HERE.
UM, ADAM HAD
A BIG SHOPPING DISASTER,
AND I NEED TO GET
A SUIT FOR HIM.
SO MAY I GO UPSTAIRS?
- YEAH.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
I CAN HELP YOU.
- I CAN GET IT.
- I THOUGHT YOU GUYS
HAD THAT MEETING.
- YEAH, I'M ON MY WAY
THERE NOW.
- CROSBY, I CAN HELP YOU.
HEY.
- I CAN GET IT.
- WHAT IS THE MATTER?
YOU OKAY?
- DO YOU KNOW THAT
JASMINE'S SEEING DR. JOE?
- YEAH, SHE MAY HAVE
MENTIONED IT TO ME.
- SO YOU KNOW THAT,
AND THEN YOU STILL TRIED
TO GET AN APPOINTMENT WITH HIM?
- WELL, HE'S A PEDIATRICIAN,
AND WE NEED A PEDIATRICIAN,
CROSBY.
- YEAH, THERE'S A TON OF
PEDIATRICIANS IN THIS CITY.
YOU HAVE TO HAVE THAT ONE?
- OKAY, WHAT IS THE PROBLEM?
I JUST FEEL LIKE--
- OH, WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
WHAT IF YOU AND ADAM
GOT DIVORCED
AND THEN I STARTED
TAKING MY SON
TO HIS NEW GIRLFRIEND'S
PRACTICE?
YOU DON'T THINK
THAT WOULD BOTHER YOU?
IF THE WHOLE FAMILY WAS GOING
TO SEE ADAM'S NEW GIRLFRIEND?
- ARE YOU UPSET
THAT SHE'S DATING AGAIN?
- NO, I'M NOT UPSET
THAT SHE'S DATING.
I'M UPSET SHE'S DATING
MY SON'S DOCTOR
AND THAT NOW YOU'RE
TRYING TO MAKE HIM
YOUR KID'S DOCTOR.
- YOU ARE OVERREACTING.
- I'M OVERREACTING?
OKAY, WELL, I HOPE IT DOESN'T
EVER HAPPEN TO YOU
SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO FIND OUT
WHETHER I'M OVERREACTING.
- OKAY, FAIR ENOUGH.
- YOU'RE BEING INSENSITIVE,
IS WHAT IT IS.
- YES.
- YOU KNOW WHAT,
YOU'RE INSENSITIVE.
YOU KNOW WHAT'S INSENSITIVE?
INSENSITIVE IS YOU
SLEEPING WITH GABY.
NOW WE CAN'T FIND
A REPLACEMENT FOR GABY STILL.
I ALSO THINK
THAT IT'S INSENSITIVE
FOR YOU TO NOT TELL US
ABOUT JABBAR AND MAX
GETTING IN A FISTFIGHT
AT SCHOOL,
BECAUSE GUESS WHAT,
MAX HAS DETENTION
AND JABBAR DOESN'T.
HE'S OFF SCOT-FREE.
THAT'S REALLY GREAT FOR MAX'S
SELF-ESTEEM, ISN'T IT?
- 'CAUSE I COULDN'T BARE
TO TELL ADAM
THAT JABBAR DIDN'T WANT
TO EAT WITH YOUR SON?
YOU CALL THAT INSENSITIVE?
- THAT'S NOT THE POINT.
THAT'S NOT THE CLOSET,
THAT IS.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
- OKAY, WELL,
I HANDLED IT MY WAY,
AND APPARENTLY
IT DIDN'T WORK.
- OKAY, GUESS WHAT,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO SUCK IT UP
WHILE MY FAMILY SEES DR. JOE
BECAUSE HE'S THE BEST DAMN
PEDIATRICIAN IN TOWN.
AND GUESS WHAT, I'M THINKING
ABOUT MY FAMILY RIGHT NOW.
I'M NOT THINKING
ABOUT YOU, CROSBY.
- HEY, I CARE ABOUT
MY FAMILY TOO!
- AND WHILE WE'RE AT IT,
DON'T LIE TO MY HUSBAND.
- I DID NOT LIE TO HIM!
- YES, YOU HAVE.
DON'T TELL HIM
THAT YOU HAVE A CLIENT BOOKED
AND YOU DON'T.
- I DIDN'T TELL HIM
I HAD HIM BOOKED.
I NEVER SAID THAT I HAD
A CLIENT BOOKED, OKAY?
I SAID PEOPLE
WOULD FOLLOW ME OVER.
THAT DOESN'T MEAN WE DON'T
HAVE TO MEET WITH THEM.
- ACT LIKE AN ADULT
IF YOU'RE GONNA BE IN BUSINESS
WITH MY HUSBAND.
- HEY, I'M IN BUSINESS WITH
YOUR HUSBAND, NOT YOU, OKAY?
I DON'T NEED
TO TAKE THIS FROM YOU.
I'M GONNA GO
CLOSE THIS DEAL.
- YOU KNOW WHAT,
CLOSE THE DAMN DEAL
BECAUSE YOU DON'T EVEN
HAVE A DEAL TO CLOSE.
- YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT
THE HELL YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
- CROSBY!
- WHAT?
- CAN YOU COME HERE
FOR A MINUTE?
- LISTEN, I DON'T HAVE TIME
TO HAVE THIS ARGUMENT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- MY WATER JUST BROKE.
- OKAY, WHAT--
- OKAY, I NEED YOU
TO CALL ADAM RIGHT NOW.
GET HIM ON THE PHONE.
- ADAM, ADAM, MAN,
YOU GOTTA FORGET THE MEETING.
WE ARE CODE BLUE RIGHT NOW.
KRISTINA IS IN LABOR.
YOU GOTTA GET
TO THE HOSPITAL NOW.
- CROSBY, JUST STOP--
- WHAT?
WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO?
I'M GOING AS FAST AS I CAN.
- OOH!
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- OH, OH, OH!
OH, GOD!
- HOLD IT.
- OH, I CAN'T.
I'M GONNA HAVE THIS BABY
IN YOUR CAR.
- YOU'RE NOT HAVING
THE BABY IN THE CAR, KRISTINA.
- JUST DRIVE.
- CROSBY.
[hip-hop music]
- YOU EXPECTING SOMEBODY?
- HELL NO.
- HEY, I THOUGHT--
- YOU LOST?
- NO, NO, NO, I'M NOT LOST.
I'M HERE FOR THE MEETING.
MISTAH R.A.Y.
I'M BRAVERMAN.
ADAM BRAVERMAN.
HI.
- YOU'RE CROSBY'S BROTHER?
- YES, I AM.
- YOU DON'T LOOK
LIKE CROSBY'S BROTHER.
- I AM.
I'M CROSBY'S BROTHER, ADAM.
ADAM BRAVERMAN,
AND I JUST--
I'M A LITTLE LATE, AND I'M SURE
HE'S JUST STUCK IN TRAFFIC.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT,
YOU GUYS ARE LATE TOO,
SO IT'S ALL GOOD.
- COME HERE.
- YEAH, WHAT?
- ALL RIGHT.
- NICE DUDS.
[laughter]
- THANK YOU.
- SHOULD I JUST PULL IN?
- COME ON, MAN, FOLLOW ME.
- ALL RIGHT, OKAY, I JUST GOTTA
GRAB SOME STUFF FROM MY CAR,
AND I'LL--OKAY.
- DOES YOUR HUSBAND ALWAYS
LET YOUR DAUGHTER DO THAT?
- WHAT?
OH, LET HER PAINT HIS NAILS?
I KNOW, I TOLD HIM HE DOESN'T
HAVE TO LET HER DO THAT,
BUT HE LOVES HER TO DEATH,
SO...
- YEAH, I COULD SEE THAT.
MY LIFE IS SUCH A MESS.
YOU'RE REALLY NICE.
- THANKS.
- OH, GOD.
OH, IT HURTS!
- LISTEN TO ME, ADAM,
YOU NEED TO GET YOUR ASS
DOWN HERE RIGHT NOW, OKAY?
- OOH.
[moaning]
- OKAY, UH--
- DID YOU GET A HOLD OF HIM?
- I LEFT HIM A MESSAGE,
AND I KNOW HE'S GONNA--
AND I CALLED MY SISTER
AND MY MOM,
SO SOMEONE'S
GONNA BE DOWN HERE.
- CROSBY, GET HIM HERE.
- JUST HOLD TIGHT, OKAY?
- AIN'T NOBODY
HOLDING TIGHT.
WE'RE AT
NINE CENTIMETERS DILATED.
THIS BABY'S COMING
RIGHT NOW.
- I WANT HIM SO BAD.
- SO YOU STAYING WITH US
OR YOU GOT SOMETHING BETTER
TO DO THIS AFTERNOON?
[machinery beeping]
- GOD, OH.
HE'S STAYING.
- I'M STAYING.
- I NEED ICE CHIPS
AND CHAPSTICK.
- SO TAKE IT FROM THE TOP.
- ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
DAMN I'M IN THE ZONE,
BAD TO THE BONE
LIKE EVERETT JONES
PIMP PRODIGY,
POSSIBLY A PHENOM
- NO, THANKS.
I DON'T NEED TO--
OH, OKAY, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
- YO, ADAM,
DRINK UP, MAN.
- THANK YOU.
- I'M FROM
THE BAY-AY-AY
[dog barks]
- EXCUSE ME.
EXCUSE ME.
[dog growls]
- THE, UH--
R.A.Y., YOUR DOG.
- YO, CASH, SIT.
- SORRY, HE DON'T
LIKE WHITE PEOPLE.
- I'M NOT WHITE
ON THE INSIDE.
- COME ON, CASH.
HE ALL RIGHT.
THIS WHITE MAN
AIN'T GONNA HURT YOU.
COME ON, LET'S GO.
GOOD BOY.
- WHERE THE HELL
IS CROSBY?
- [moaning in pain]
- I NEED YOU
TO PUSH, KRISTINA.
- I CAN'T PUSH ANY MORE.
- I KNOW,
BUT WE'RE SO CLOSE.
I NEED YOU TO PUSH.
- I CAN'T DO THIS.
- KRISTINA, I PROMISE YOU.
I KNOW YOU'RE TIRED.
BUT YOU'RE SO CLOSE.
YOUR BABY'S ABOUT TO COME.
EVERY TIME YOU FEEL
A CONTRACTION,
I NEED YOU TO PUSH, OKAY?
- OKAY, I WILL.
- I THINK I NEED TO STEP OUT
INTO THE HALLWAY FOR A SECOND.
- NO, YOU AIN'T.
YOU HOLD YOUR LADY'S HAND.
YOU KEEP YOUR SCRAWNY ASS
RIGHT WHERE IT IS.
- YOU KNOW
THAT'S NOT MY WIFE.
- I DON'T CARE IF Y'ALL
MARRIED OR NOT.
- ACTUALLY, THAT WOULDN'T
BE A BAD IDEA.
WILL YOU?
- OKAY.
- JUST STAY FOR A MINUTE.
- HEY, DON'T LOOK
DOWN THERE THOUGH.
- I'M NOT LOOKING.
- JUST KEEP YOUR EYES UP HERE--
- NO, EYES ON THE ROAD.
- OKAY.
- OH, GOD, I FEEL
ANOTHER CONTRACTION COMING.
- THERE YOU GO, KRISTINA.
- YOU'RE HURTING MY HAND.
- OH, SORRY, SORRY, SORRY.
- IT'S OKAY, IT'S OKAY.
- YOU GOT IT, OKAY?
- ONE MORE.
JUST ONE--
- [groans]
- YOU'RE DOING GREAT,
KRISTINA.
- YOU DOING THE BREATHING?
- YEAH, I'M DOING THE BREATHING.
- YOU'RE DOING GREAT.
- DOING THE BREATHING.
- THERE YOU GO.
- I'M ALMOST THERE.
I'M ALMOST THERE.
- PLEASE DON'T GO.
- OKAY, I'M NOT GOING.
I'M GONNA STAY.
- OKAY, STAY.
- PROMISE.
- [groans]
- SO WHAT DO YOU USE
TO RECORD?
- TO RECORD ON?
I DON'T KNOW.
HONESTLY, I DON'T KNOW.
CROSBY WOULD REALLY BE
THE PERSON TO TALK TO
ABOUT THE EQUIPMENT.
- WELL, HE AIN'T HERE.
- I KNOW, AND I DON'T
UNDERSTAND WHAT HAPPENED.
I'M VERY SORRY.
HE JUST MUST BE DELAYED.
- SO WHAT ABOUT YOU,
YOU BEEN DOING THIS FOR LONG?
- NO, NO, NO, NO.
I'M JUST GETTING STARTED
IN THE RECORDING INDUSTRY,
BUT I'M REALLY EXCITED
ABOUT IT.
- WHAT'D YOU THINK
ABOUT MY MUSIC?
- I LIKED IT.
- GET THE VIBE?
- I DID.
I GET THE VIBE.
- YOU GET THE VIBE, HOMIE?
- YEAH.
I DO, I GET THE VIBE.
I MEAN, I REALLY--
I LOVED WHAT I HEARD, I DID.
I THINK THAT SOMETIMES
IT CAN BE A LITTLE CRUDE.
- WHAT?
- THE EXPLICIT LANGUAGE,
I THINK IT'S TOO MUCH.
- IT'S BAY-AREA HIP-HOP.
- WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?
- I DON'T WANT YOU
TO GET ME WRONG,
I LIKE WHAT
YOU HAVE TO SAY.
YOU KNOW THAT SONG
THAT YOU HAVE
ABOUT YOUR BROTHER
GETTING SHOT?
- MY REDEMPTION.
- YEAH, MY REDEMPTION.
THAT IS A GREAT SONG.
POWERFUL, YOU KNOW?
YOU'RE A POET,
AND I'M NOT JUST SAYING THAT.
DID THAT REALLY HAPPEN?
- HELL, YEAH, THAT HAPPENED.
YOU THINK I'D MAKE THAT UP?
- NO, NO, GOD, NO.
NO, NOT AT ALL.
I JUST--I'M VERY SORRY.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'D DO
IF MY BROTHER GOT SHOT.
THAT MUST HAVE BEEN
REALLY HARD.
- YEAH, IT WAS.
- I'M SORRY.
LISTEN, I LIKE YOUR MUSIC.
I REALLY DO.
I LIKE THE STORIES
YOU PUT IN YOUR MUSIC.
I WOULD LET MY KIDS
LISTEN TO THEM
IF THERE WASN'T
ALL THE CURSING,
IS ALL I'M SAYING.
- YOU'RE THE STRANGEST
WHITE MAN I EVER MET.
- YO, ADAM.
- OKAY, YEAH?
- YOU'RE HAVING A BABY.
- YEAH, MY WIFE AND I
ARE HAVING A BABY.
- NO, FOOL, I JUST GOT
A TEXT FROM CROSBY.
YOU'RE HAVING
A BABY NOW, CUZ.
- I'M HAVING A BABY NOW?
CROSBY'S AT THE HOSPITAL.
THAT'S WHERE CROSBY IS.
CROSBY'S IN THE HOSPITAL.
MY WIFE IS HAVING A BABY.
I GOTTA GO.
UH, LISTEN,
WE WANT YOU TO RECORD
AT THE LUNCHEONETTE, OKAY?
CROSBY TOLD ME YOU
PROBABLY WOULDN'T WANT
TO SIGN A CONTRACT,
BUT I BROUGHT ONE.
HERE.
I'M JUST GONNA
SET THIS RIGHT THERE.
JUST ASK YOU TO LOOK IT OVER,
BUT I GOTTA GET
TO THE HOSPITAL.
- CONGRATULATIONS, MAN.
- OKAY.
- ONE MORE BIG PUSH,
KRISTINA.
HERE SHE COMES.
HERE WE GO.
[baby crying]
- OH, MY GOD,
SHE'S PERFECT.
OH!
- DOES THE NOT-FATHER
WANT TO CUT THE CORD?
- AND WHEN WE KISS
THEY'RE PERFECT LY ALIGNED
- GO FOR IT.
HI, BABY.
HI.
- OH, HI, BABY.
- THIS IS NORA.
- NORA'S LOOKING AT ME.
- YOU LIKE UNCLE CROSBY?
- HI, BABY.
- CORRESPONDING SHAPES
LIKE PUZZLE PIECES
FROM THE CLAY
AND TRUE
IT MAY SEEM
LIKE A STRETCH
BUT IT'S THOUGHTS LIKE THIS
THAT CATCH
MY TROUBLED HEAD
WHEN YOU'RE AWAY
WHEN I AM MISSING YOU
TO DEATH
WHEN YOU'RE OUT THERE
ON THE ROAD
FOR SEVERAL WEEKS
OF SHOWS
AND WHEN YOU SCAN
THE RADIO
I HOPE THIS SONG
WILL GUIDE YOU HOME
- I KINDA WANNA WAKE HER UP.
IS THAT WRONG?
- LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT.
CROSBY WAS THERE,
BUT RUN-D.M.C. WAS NOT?
- RIGHT.
- EXACTLY.
- RUN WAS NOT IN THE HOUSE.
- CROSBY DID AMAZING.
HE WAS PRETTY AWESOME.
HE DID GREAT.
- HE DID NEED A SHOT
OF ADRENALINE.
- THIS IS NATALIE,
WHO'S NOW AN HONORARY
BRAVERMAN NOW.
- HI, NATALIE.
- YOU OKAY?
- I'M GOOD.
- GOOD.
- BEAUTIFUL BABY GIRL.
- SHE SURE IS.
- HOW ABOUT THAT, HUH?
- COULD I HOLD HER?
IS IT TOO EARLY?
- NO, OF COURSE NOT.
YEAH.
- WILLI EVER
FEEL THE SAME
ALL THE LOVE I HAVE
IS TURNED INTO PAIN
- ALL RIGHT, OH,
LET ME SEE, LET ME SEE.
LET ME SEE.
- SHH.
- SHE'S SLEEPING.
- NOT ANYMORE.
- OH, MILLIE, LOOK,
SHE'S GOT YOUR EYES.
- OH, REALLY?
- YEAH, WELL, I THINK SO.
- SHE'S BIG.
- SHE'S HUGE.
- WAY TO GO, KRISTINA.
- THANK YOU.
- SHE DIDN'T DO IT
ALL BY HERSELF.
- WELL, HERE YOU GO.
GIVE ME A MAN HUG.
COME ON.
CONGRATULATIONS, POP.
- CONGRATULATIONS.
- JABBAR'S HERE.
EVERYBODY,
ENOUGH ABOUT THE BABY.
I HAVE SOMETHING
IMPORTANT TO SAY.
I TRULY APOLOGIZE FOR EVERYTHING
THAT HAPPENED LAST WEEK.
I SHOULD NOT HAVE HIT YOU.
I SHOULD NOT HAVE MADE YOU
CONTINUE TO EAT LUNCH WITH ME
WHEN YOU WERE READY TO LEAVE.
IT'S HARD FOR ME TO BE FLEXIBLE,
BUT I'M WORKING ON IT.
I REALLY LIKE YOU, AND I HOPE
YOU WILL STILL BE MY FRIEND.
- I STILL WANT
TO BE YOUR FRIEND.
- COOL.
- OKAY.
CAN YOU HELP ME ON THIS GAME?
- OH, YEAH.
- COOL.
[indistinct chatter]
- [mouths words]
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
[melodic folk music]
- OLD DUST, OLD DIRT
THEY'RE MINE
AND ONLY MINE
- OH, HI.
- HEY.
- COME IN.
- NO, I CAN'T STAY.
- IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
- YEAH, I'M FINE.
- HEY.
- HI.
- ARE YOU HAVING
THOSE PAINS AGAIN?
- NO, I'M OKAY.
I'M GOOD.
I'M SORRY TO COME HERE
THIS LATE.
- IT'S OKAY.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
- YOU CONTROL THE GAME
WITHOUT PLAYING IT RIGHT
- IF YOU STILL--IF YOU STILL
WANT TO HAVE MY BABY,
YOU CAN HAVE IT.
YOU HAVE A NICE FAMILY.
- RAISE HIGH IN ME
WHAT ONCE DID SINK BELOW
ALL DARK WITHIN NOW
RADIANTLY GLOWS
- [sobs]
- COME ON TAKE ME BACK
ALL THAT TIME AGO
[phone buzzing]
- GOD.
SETH?
- OUR LOVE WAS JUST
ONE OF YOUR
DISCARDED JEWELS
[bell sounds]
- HELLO?
- YOU THINK BACK
TO ITS PRICE
AND OH YOU FEEL A FOOL
IN THAT CERTAIN LIGHT
IT LOOKED SO BEAUTIFUL
[loud crash]
- SETH?
OH, NO.
- YOU CAME.